# results

Experimenting with sampling and evaluating the results of sampling

- 20
- 100
- 400

voters from a voter distribution (52:48), and seeing what is the probability of the sample taken to also have the majority of voters voting for the first party.

# sample_size = 20

```
experiment #0
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #1
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #2
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #3
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #4
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #5
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #6
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #7
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #8
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #9
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #10
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #11
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #12
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #13
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #14
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #15
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #16
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #17
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #18
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #19
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #20
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #21
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #22
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #23
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #24
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #25
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #26
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #27
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #28
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #29
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #30
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #31
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #32
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #33
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #34
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #35
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #36
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #37
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #38
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #39
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #40
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #41
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #42
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #43
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #44
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #45
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #46
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #47
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #48
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #49
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #50
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #51
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #52
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #53
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #54
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #55
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #56
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #57
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #58
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #59
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #60
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #61
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #62
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #63
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #64
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #65
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #66
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #67
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #68
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #69
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #70
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #71
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #72
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #73
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #74
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #75
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #76
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #77
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #78
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #79
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #80
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #81
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #82
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #83
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #84
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #85
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #86
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #87
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #88
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #89
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #90
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #91
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #92
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #93
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #94
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #95
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #96
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #97
20
sample saw same majority
experiment #98
20
sample did not see same majority
experiment #99
20
sample did not see same majority
probability of getting a sample where majority stays a majority: 0.49
```

49% of experiments saw the same majority.

## sample_size=100

```
experiment #0
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #1
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #2
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #3
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #4
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #5
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #6
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #7
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #8
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #9
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #10
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #11
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #12
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #13
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #14
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #15
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #16
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #17
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #18
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #19
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #20
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #21
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #22
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #23
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #24
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #25
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #26
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #27
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #28
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #29
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #30
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #31
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #32
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #33
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #34
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #35
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #36
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #37
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #38
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #39
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #40
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #41
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #42
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #43
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #44
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #45
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #46
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #47
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #48
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #49
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #50
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #51
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #52
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #53
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #54
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #55
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #56
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #57
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #58
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #59
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #60
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #61
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #62
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #63
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #64
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #65
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #66
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #67
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #68
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #69
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #70
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #71
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #72
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #73
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #74
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #75
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #76
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #77
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #78
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #79
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #80
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #81
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #82
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #83
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #84
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #85
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #86
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #87
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #88
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #89
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #90
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #91
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #92
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #93
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #94
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #95
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #96
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #97
100
sample did not see same majority
experiment #98
100
sample saw same majority
experiment #99
100
sample saw same majority
probability of getting a sample where majority stays a majority: 0.66
```

66% of samples saw the same majority.

## sample_size=400

```
experiment #0
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #1
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #2
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #3
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #4
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #5
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #6
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #7
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #8
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #9
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #10
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #11
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #12
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #13
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #14
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #15
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #16
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #17
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #18
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #19
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #20
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #21
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #22
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #23
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #24
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #25
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #26
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #27
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #28
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #29
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #30
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #31
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #32
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #33
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #34
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #35
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #36
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #37
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #38
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #39
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #40
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #41
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #42
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #43
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #44
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #45
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #46
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #47
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #48
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #49
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #50
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #51
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #52
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #53
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #54
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #55
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #56
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #57
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #58
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #59
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #60
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #61
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #62
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #63
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #64
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #65
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #66
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #67
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #68
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #69
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #70
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #71
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #72
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #73
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #74
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #75
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #76
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #77
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #78
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #79
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #80
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #81
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #82
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #83
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #84
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #85
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #86
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #87
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #88
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #89
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #90
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #91
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #92
400
sample did not see same majority
experiment #93
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #94
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #95
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #96
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #97
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #98
400
sample saw same majority
experiment #99
400
sample saw same majority
probability of getting a sample where majority stays a majority: 0.77
```

77% of samples saw the same majority
